demystifying-web/explaining-the-internet: Rework session content structure (#10)
security-summer-school/essentials-security: chapters/demystifying-web/explaining-the-internet/reading/dns.md

As a result, `security-summer-school.github.io` is mapped to its IP in the order:

- `.io`;
- `.github`;
- `security-summer-school`.

This makes sense, as this order gradually narrows the _scope_ in which the URL has to be searched.
It would be much more inefficient to look for `security-summer-school` across the whole Internet, rather than limiting the search to the `.github.io` domain.
The fact that we are able to perform queries in this manner is proof of the hierarchical nature of IP addresses.

All in all, the DNS lookup for `security-summer-school.github.io` is the one shown below.
Notice that the Recursive Resolver acts as a mediator between most of the DNS lookups.

![DNS Lookup for security-summer-school.github.io](../media/dns_lookup.png)

Notice that only the domain of a URL has its name resolved to an IP address.
The port, path, parameters and anchor are handled by the web server itself.
The DNS part is, thus, necessary in order to **find** that web server.

## `host`

In the previous section we explained the DNS.
Now let's put what we've just learned into practice.
In order to query the DNS service, we use the `host` command.
It's pretty straightforward:

> ```bash
> root@kali:~# host security.summer.schoo.github.io

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```console
root@kali:~# host security.summer.school.github.io
```

security.summer.schoo.github.io has address 185.199.108.153
security.summer.schoo.github.io has address 185.199.110.153
security.summer.schoo.github.io has address 185.199.109.153
security.summer.schoo.github.io has address 185.199.111.153
security.summer.schoo.github.io has IPv6 address 2606:50c0:8002::153
security.summer.schoo.github.io has IPv6 address 2606:50c0:8000::153
security.summer.schoo.github.io has IPv6 address 2606:50c0:8003::153
security.summer.schoo.github.io has IPv6 address 2606:50c0:8001::153
```

> Notice there are more IP's for `security.summer.schoo.github.io`.
> The main reason for this is **load balancing**.
> GitHub is accessed frequently and in order not to overload a single server, it uses multiple servers for a single domain.
> Obviously, each of them serve the same web page: `security.summer.schoo.github.io`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notice there are more IPs for `security.summer.school.github.io`.
The main reason for this is **load balancing**.
GitHub is accessed frequently and in order not to overload a single server, it uses multiple servers for a single domain.
Obviously, each of them serve the same web page: `security.summer.school.github.io`.
```
